Mario/readme update (#415)
dolthub/dolthub-cypress: README.md

```bash
$ yarn && yarn compile
```

> * [Running Cypress on the Apple M1 ARM Architecture](https://www.cypress.io/blog/2021/01/20/running-cypress-on-the-apple-m1-silicon-arm-architecture-using-rosetta-2/) then you need to run the following: 

Reviewer: Small wording change
```suggestion
Note: If you're running the Cypress tests on the [Apple M1 ARM Architecture](https://www.cypress.io/blog/2021/01/20/running-cypress-on-the-apple-m1-silicon-arm-architecture-using-rosetta-2), you may need to install Rosetta before running the tests:
```

Author: Done
